docs(styleguide): add folder structure (#3687)
Sage/carbon: docs/javascript-styleguide.md

[Linting](#linting)

### Introduction

> This JavaScript styleguide is provided to help you contribute to the Carbon repository in a way that other developers can understand quickly and easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This JavaScript style guide is provided to help you contribute to the Carbon repository in a way that other developers can understand quickly and easily.
```
